Add collection release process (#18)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: backport_changes.md

# Backport changes

Backporting changes in a GitHub pull request (PR) involves applying specific changes from one branch to another, typically from a main or development branch to a stable or release branch. This process is commonly used to bring bug fixes from a newer version of the codebase to an older, more stable version.

## Patchback Bot

> For the minor release (X.y.0) of the cloud collection, we utilize the patchback bot for backports. To enable the bot on selected PRs from the main branch, label the PRs with tags such as backport-X, where X refers to the target stable-X branch. These PRs typically contain bug fixes from the main branch. Note that new features are not backported. After the bot successfully creates the backport PRs, they can be merged upon receiving approvals.

Reviewer: I probably misunderstood the text, but if not, the PR is opened against the main branch and if it is a PR for a new feature it should be reported only to the latest stable-X branch and not to the other active ones. Bugfixes and trivial changes are also backported to the other active stable-X branches. However, we generally have that if the next release is 8.0 (X=8), stable-(X-1) receives new feature updates and bug fixes, while stable-(X-2) receives only bug fixes and trivial changes.

Author: `To enable the bot on selected PRs from the main branch` - This line indicates that the label is applied to the PRs in the main branch. If that is what you mean, and if this statement is unclear or if you have suggestions for a clearer explanation, feel free to propose an alternative structure. I'll  incorporate details about the branches to which feature updates, bug fixes, and trivial changes are backported.

Reviewer: This sentence is unclear `"Note that new features are not backported. "`, in my view. New features are equivalent to minor changes and they are backported and included in a minor release.  That's why I added this phrase

`[...] if the next release is 8.0 (X=8), stable-(X-1) receives new feature updates and bug fixes, while stable-(X-2) receives only bug fixes and trivial changes.`

But, I also might misunderstood the context of this section.

Author: Got it. I have added more clarity to the requirements for backport. Let me know what you think.

I've also noticed that ansible-core does not backport features, as mentioned in their documentation [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/development_process.html#backporting-merged-prs-in-ansible-core). Although new features and feature updates fall under the category of minor changes, I believe we should exclude new features from the backport process. @jillr, could you provide more clarity on this topic?

Reviewer 2: Core doesn't strictly follow semver - breaking changes can be shipped in Y releases for example rather than bumping the X version (ie; we've been on core 2.y.z since 2015, no 3.y.z has been planned).  When collections were launched the content maintainers decided to adopt semver, so we can choose to backport backwards compatible features in a Y release but breaking changes may only be in a new X release and can not be backported.

Reviewer 2: Adding - we can always decline to backport a feature if we think it is a maintenance risk, but we have often backported smaller or self-contained features in collections.

Author: Thanks, @jillr. I will include more information in the documentation to align with the explanation provided above.

# Backport changes

Backporting changes in a GitHub pull request (PR) involves applying specific changes from one branch to another, typically from a main or development branch to a stable or release branch. This process is commonly used to bring bug fixes from a newer version of the codebase to an older, more stable version.

## Patchback Bot

For the minor release (X.y.0) of the cloud collection, we utilize the patchback bot for backports. To enable the bot on selected PRs from the `main` branch, label the PRs with tags such as backport-X, where X refers to the target stable-X branch.

### Backport requirements:

If `stable-7` is the latest major release,

* Bugfixes and trivial changes  are backported to the previous two active stable branches - `stable-6` and `stable-5`.

> * Feature updates (minor_changes) are backported to previous one active branch - `stable-6`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Feature updates (minor_changes) are backported from the main branch to the latest release branch only - `stable-7`.
```

> * Backward-compatible new features (minor_changes) that pose no maintenance risk are backported to the preceding active branch - `stable-6`.

Reviewer 3: Is this true? I thought we only added bugfixes to the previous release.

Author: AFAIU, we backport minor_changes, which includes backward compatible new features and feature updates - https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/amazon/aws/docsite/dev_guidelines.html#release-policy-and-backporting-merged-prs

Reviewer 3: Could we copy exactly what's written on that page?

> After the bot successfully creates the backport PRs, they can be merged to the respective branches upon receiving approvals.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After the bot successfully creates the backport PRs, they can be merged to the respective branches upon passing CI and receiving approvals.
```
